Ensure everything is sorted whenever a command that generates po / pot files is used (#6)
beeware/lektor-i18n-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.5.5

* Ensure that POT content is now sorted by path when merging POTs from multiple sources (i.e., templates and content).

> * POT contents now cumulate (i.e., instead of `--use-first`) when merging POTs using `msgcat`, such that source information is preserved from all POT files.

Author: ```suggestion
* `xgettext` is used to merge POT files instead of `msgcat`, providing a better header and merging of same strings from different sources.
```

# Changelog

## 0.5.5

* Ensure that POT content is now sorted by path when merging POTs from multiple sources (i.e., templates and content).
* `xgettext` is used to merge POT files instead of `msgcat`, providing a better header and merging of same strings from different sources.
* The initially generated PO files will now have a header compatible with GNOME's Translation Editor, since they will have a non-placeholder `Project-Id-Version`. Existing users hitting this problem will need to fill in the `Project-Id-Version` header manually.
* Translations in templates now provide pgettext and ngettext methods.

> * The bug with non-English content is resolved.

Author: ```suggestion
* The bug where deletion of strings from the English PO file with non-English content is resolved.
* When updating translated PO files, the content-language PO file strings are automatically filled with the message IDs.
```
